---
layout: post
title:  Time has Changed
date: 2017-03-02 21:01:00
description: Third year is literally a game changer
---
In the past few months uni is getting a bit hectic and I must admit, although it doesn’t take long to think of a topic but usually it takes me like 1 week to finish a little writing.

Things have changed in the past 3 months; Trump’s now POTUS; and all three of us have now got girlfriends, so now Tunde Dubai and myself have someone else to focus on than each other 24/7. Plus right now I’m on a train to London for a job interview. Time really has changed.

Third year is literally a game changer; we slowly stopped going out, or even when we go out we find it boring and we usually rather just chill at home instead. Compared to my first year this is utterly unbelievable when we usually just get sublimely drunk and head off to Oceana, have fun and come back home for Domino’s pizza.

We are all now hunting for jobs, our conversation went from getting with hot chicks on dance floors to which company to apply to after graduation. You can put it as “we went from hunting for chicks to hunting for jobs”. And we stopped doing dumb things too. Well at least I did, Dubai broke into my old house and Simon was Grand Theft Autoing when we went out last time, and Tunde threw up on the sofa like a fountain few months ago. So I guess it’s just me.

I’m not scared of paying taxes and bearing adulthood responsibilities; but to think old times like that will never be the same scares me. You know what, when I was young and looked at my dad having conversations, I used to think “how can he pull a straight face 24/7 and the conversations always evolve around work?”. Now I know how. Grow up and soon you wont have any more energy to go “waagwan’ g?”

I’m lucky to have a girl to remind me I’m still young, and I can be such carefree around her. But when I’m back to the real world, clock’s ticking, time’s moving, things are changing. I have to embrace myself for the challenges laid ahead of me, I have to prepare myself, I have to make sure I’m still top of the game, and keeping track of my progress and hit the gym to stay healthy and back to the hectic work life when I have literally no life at all and soon bored of wearing the same suit every single day and buy suits and ties which look almost 90% identical just for that 10% difference for 3 times the price meanwhile enslaved by the society engulfed by Trump 2k17 while fulling knowing climate change is a hoax same as the holocaust and your mom and all hail new world order Satan is my bff Porsche did 911 jet fuels lowers the yield strength of steel slip circle not critical backwater curves more than your girlfriend’s waist lateral torsional buckling is batshit and England rains dogshit everyday blehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Right take a deep breath now…

In this train carriage, there are around 15 passengers; including myself there are 5 who are in suits. There’s this man, looking at me from across the carriage, would he be thinking “Oh I remembered when I was in university I used to have 2 other messed-up friends and now I’m on my way to a super boring meeting and have to come home and feed my wife….” Or he’s just a creep. God knows.

Life would be so much better if South West Trains provide alcohol beverages for free you know.
