---
layout: post
title:  Woosh….BANG! CLATTER CLATTER CLATTER
date: 2018-02-06 17:56:00
description: Why do they come and go so fast?
---
It's surely been a while since I last did a blog, and since it's a month after the start of 2018 let's start the year off with a bang. Again I'm talking about fireworks this time and I might wander off and start talking about something else instead.

Our old house was a lovely gem, a small house that looks like a family house with a nice backyard. The garden is 4 steps down from the stairs and it was really small. At the front of the garden there are two storage sheds by the sides, right in the middle of the garden there was a chair, which I chucked out from my room, and an apple pine that grew 4 apples. Our garden was our playground, we chill outside under the stars, we had fights on the grass, but then Simon's slav side started coming out so we ended up breaking bottles in the garden. The garden ended up with so much broken glasses the only way I could get across it was to wear safety boots. 

Last year for the fireworks day, we got a bunch of fireworks from Saintsbury's and decided to pop them in our backyard. It was not a sober decision nor a sober execution as we were preoccupied with rosé and other types of alcohol. 

Wooosh! The first fuse was burnt and lit, sparks shot out from the bottom of the firecracker but it stayed intact. We quickly realised it was going to detonate right in front of our face so we ran to the back of the shed for shelter. A massive explosion happened literally 2 metres in front of us, sparks were everywhere and there was this strong smell of sodium filling up our nostrils. We all had played a bit of Battlefield or COD before but the TV never blew up in our face. Thrilled by the adrenaline from cheating death, we decided this was a damn good idea to spend the evening.

More fireworks were set off. We are slowly getting used to idea of taking chances on which firecracker would end up in the sky and which would detonate right in our faces. We were holding hands hiding behind each other while dancing right at the gate of hell. Arrays of tiny rockets shot through the dark, detonated into some fascinating display and scattered into the vast nothingness, while others turned into a massive fire and safety hazard which would upset any health and safety officers. 

I didn't bring up fireworks for nothing. I recently got myself into one heck of a firework relationship. And boy oh boy.

She is from Italy and she was doing her exchange semester in Cardiff University. The night we met at Live Lounge we were so buzzed with the £1 tequila shots. Next day I asked her to go on a date with me to the library (really says a lot about myself). That was me setting off the fuse.

Then it was the awe moment. We started seeing each other very often, went to a couple nice places and spend a lot of time together. She likes to hear me talk, and I like to talk. She laughs at everything I say and do, and there are times when I really want to bring out the Bible and see if she would giggle at "LET THERE BE….LIGHT!"

3 days ago, she finished her exchange semester and off she went back to Parma, to continue her study in Univsersità di Parma.

Done and over in 3 months, the memory we had was beautiful, exhilarating and exciting. I started this relationship fully knowing there would be a destination and now with that banner crossed, all I have for now a bunch of leftover pasta, spaghetti and some espresso cups. But because we both expect it to end, we both try to make it worth as much as it should be. 

The right person at the wrong time - an excuse that people usually use to pass people up. "Sorry I just went through a breakup" "sorry I'm making tea" but when that happens it was quite joyous because at least I have met the right person, and I have spent decent time with the right person that I have connected with. 

Would I ever regret liking her? Absolutely not. Would I ever wish we met at a different time, maybe 4 years later in Live Lounge? Definitely yes. But you can only get what life gives you.

The great thing about this anticipated finish, is that if anything else comes along, they come along as surprises, rather than rewards. And that's good, I LOVE surprises. 
